Introduction:
I represent the project lead for the team. Have you ever just sat and watched people go 
about their business and somehow find it stimulating.  That's how we invented Modern 
Voyeur.  What better way is there to do this than from your own home using todays 
technology to view live web cameras placed throughout the world.
We have four team members including myself.  They are Ernie, David and Kelly.  After my 
introduction each will spend sometime describing their contributions to the project.  
And then we will followup with a short demonstration of the application.
We divided up the tasks by personal interests and experience.  For myself I wanted to 
be involved in the backend development.  Kelly and Ernie chose to work together on the 
Frontend.  And David contributed to both sides.
For the backend we used an api to retrieve web camaras and another api to retrieve the 
country codes to pass into the web camera api. And for our new technology we chose 
Google Maps Javascript API for displaying the location of the webcam.
And for user input validation we restrain the user within the bounds that we have 
chosen.
I'll now introduce Ernie to share his contributions.
Ernie can describe the bootstrap elements he used such as Navbar with dropdown menu to 
select the country to get a list of its webcams.  And by the way countries made 
available for selection have been filtered down to only those countries that have live 
webcams.  I implemented another dropdown selection menu that lists recommended webcams 
to view by theme.  I used the popover element within bootstrap to display the 
applications instructions.  And finally I utilized the bootstrap grid system for 
positioning items on the page.
Turn it over to David to share his contributions.
I assisted with both the front end and back end.  For the back end I researched the 
Google Maps JavaScript API.  On the Frontend I assisted with the page styling such as 
rounding the corners of tables that show details for each webcam.  I developed a draft 
for the user instructions.
Turn it over to Kelly to share her contributions.
I came of with the title of our project "Modern Voyeur".  I finalized the user 
instructions.  And I selected the recommended camera themes and the recommended webcams 
for each theme.
Then Kelly will proceed with a demonstration of our application.
